Clarify: built-in pub/sub retry policies are not set by Dapr (#4492)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/reference/components-reference/supported-pubsub/_index.md

The following table lists publish and subscribe brokers supported by the Dapr pub/sub building block. [Learn how to set up different brokers for Dapr publish and subscribe.]({{< ref setup-pubsub.md >}})

{{% alert title="Pub/sub component retries vs inbound resiliency" color="warning" %}}

> Each pub/sub component has its own built-in retry behaviors, unique to their third party and not set by Dapr. Before explicity applying a [Dapr resiliency policy]({{< ref "policies.md" >}}), make sure you understand the implicit retry policy of the pub/sub component you're using. Instead of overriding these built-in retries, Dapr resiliency augments them, which can cause repetitive clustering of messages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each pub/sub component has its own built-in retry behaviors, unique to the message broker solution and unrelated to Dapr. Before explicity applying a [Dapr resiliency policy]({{< ref "policies.md" >}}), make sure you understand the implicit retry policy of the pub/sub component you're using. Instead of overriding these built-in retries, Dapr resiliency augments them, which can cause repetitive clustering of messages.
```
